business_requirement_deliverable_project_task_mandatory/README.rst, before:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=======================================================
Business Requirement Deliverable Project Task Mandatory
=======================================================

This module

Installation
============

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to project task form view

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/website/image/ir.attachment/5784_f2813bd/datas
   :alt: Try me on Runbot
   :target: https://runbot.odoo-community.org/runbot//140/8.0

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/OCA/project/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Eric Caudal <eric.caudal@elico-corp.com>
* Victor Martin <victor.martin@elico-corp.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

This module is maintained by the OCA.

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

To contribute to this module, please visit https://odoo-community.org.

Commit message:

[IMP] business_requirement_deliverable_project_task_mandatory Improve the method to check whether or not a Task has a Project with Category that requires a Business Requirement

business_requirement_deliverable_project_task_mandatory/README.rst, after:

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-AGPL--3-blue.svg
   :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0-standalone.html
   :alt: License: AGPL-3

=======================================================
Business Requirement Deliverable Project Task Mandatory
=======================================================

This module extends the functionality of Project Category
Business Requirement Project and allow to set a Category
that will make required have all task linked to a Business Requirement.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

#. Go to Project Category
#. Select one Category and check br_required

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues
<https://github.com/Elico-Corp/odoo-addons/issues>`_. In case of trouble, please
check there if your issue has already been reported. If you spotted it first,
help us smash it by providing detailed and welcomed feedback.

Credits
=======

Contributors
------------

* Eric Caudal <eric.caudal@elico-corp.com>
* Victor Martin <victor.martin@elico-corp.com>

Maintainer
----------

.. image:: https://www.elico-corp.com/logo.png
   :alt: Elico Corp
   :target: https://www.elico-corp.com

This module is maintained by Elico Corporation.

Elico Corp is an innovative actor in China, Hong-Kong and Singapore servicing
well known international companies and as well as local mid-sized businesses.
Since 2010, our seasoned Sino-European consultants have been providing full
range Odoo services:

* Business consultancy for Gap analysis, BPM, operational work-flows review. 
* Ready-to-use ERP packages aimed at starting businesses.
* Odoo implementation for manufacturing, international trading, service industry
  and e-commerce. 
* Connectors and integration with 3rd party software (Magento, Taobao, Coswin,
  Joomla, Prestashop, Tradevine etc...).
* Odoo Support services such as developments, training, maintenance and hosting.

Our headquarters are located in Shanghai with branch in Singapore servicing
customers from all over Asia Pacific.

Contact information: `Sales <contact@elico-corp.com>`__
